# Closed Loop Web Server Simulator

It is a simulator which implements a closed loop system of Users and Web Server. The simulator is implemented in python and follows a modular design.

## Project Structure

The directory can be divided into 3 parts:

### 1. Simulation Source Code

- `classes.py` file contains class definitions for all internal modules of the system.

- `simulator.py` file contains simulator class definition, which uses modules from `classes.py` to instantiate a simulator.

- `lcgrand.py` file defines the pseudo random number generator used by the simulator.

- `data_generator.py` file runs the simulator for different configurations and generates csv files of the metrics.

### 2. Graph Generation Source Code

- `graph_gen_notebook.ipynb` file is a jupyter notebook which can be used to generate graphs.

### 3. Results

- `results` directory contains the csv files generated by the simulator.
  - It contains results for 2 different configurations of the system.
- `graphs` directory contains the graphs generated by the `graph_gen.ipynb` file.

> **_NOTE:_**  For the MVA model analysis, the data was generated using this [google sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11P3QNjq-vZMAcFhz7qYjSUHTVpGkvbdMpNvC1itbtoM/edit?usp=sharing) and the graphs were generated using the `graph_gen_notebook.ipynb` file.

## Generating Simulation Data

Requirements:

- `python3`

`data_generator.py` defines variable for the simulation metrics. Change this metrics as per requirement and then save the file.

Execute `python3 data_generator.py` to generate the data.

## Generating Graphs

Requirements:

- `python3`
- `matplotlib (pip3 install matplotlib)`
- Generated csv data files.

Run everything in `graph_gen.ipynb`. Graphs will be generated.
